Good morning, family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining me today. Well, we're so focused on the war stuff.
We're so focused on what's going on over there in Israel and all this other stuff that we're forgetting that He said He's going to shake the heavens.
He's going to shake the earth. He's going to shake the politics, and He's going to shake the finances. There were five major things He said He was about to shake.
And I'm telling you all, there's a major earthquake that's about to take place from British Columbia all the way down to about San Francisco.
I saw a major earthquake that's about to take place there. I saw a tsunami wave coming in even into Alaska—something major. And I even told everybody what the Lord told me.
He said, "Watch what's in the water."Many people, because it's out of sight, out of mind, are not paying attention to what's in the water.
And there will be signs in the days ahead of gases, things, and fish from the depth coming up from the bottom that we've never seen before.
All around the world, dead fish will come up from the bottom. They'll go, "What is this?
We've never seen it."But it will come up to the top, and things will die on the beaches, and you're going to see things and they'll go, "Where did this come from? Where did these whales come from?
Where's this stuff come from?"Because folks, there's stuff that we've never even known existed down there because we've only explored so much of our oceans.
But I'm telling you by the spirit of the Lord, what He's told me is we're about to see pressure on the earth's crust.
There's something that's interfering with it in outer space.
There's something in our galaxy that is interfering with our planet right now that's causing a shifting and a shaking of our earth's crust with the magma and all the lava and all the stuff.
And I'm telling you, it's the gases; it's all the pressure of the earth.
And to relieve the pressure from what's happening on our earth's crust, we're going to see earthquakes like we've never seen before.
And we're going to see volcanoes like we've never even seen before in this generation, up to probably a thousand years.
I don't know; I just know that this is going to be a worldwide shaking.
It's not just about America, but it's going to be even about Japan. A major earthquake in Japan.
Major earthquakes in these areas that you go, "Oh my God."And people are going to see it on the news and they're going to wake up the next day, and I saw even 50,000 people in British Columbia die.
50,000 people. I saw the number, and I saw major buildings falling. I saw major skyscrapers just tipping over—major shaking.
And so you say, "Brandon, well, that just scares me."It's not for you to be in fear.
A thousand shall fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand.
If you're watching this channel, you're in the right place because I believe in the covenant.
I believe just like we have these big storms where they say, "Well, they're going to have tornadoes, everything,"no, we take authority over tornadoes.
We don't allow tornadoes around this area. We take our authority in this part.
And I say, "As long as I have dominion and authority—I don't know how far my authority goes out there"—and I'll teach you all this as we go, but you have authority over your neighborhood.
And that's why I drive around. I drive around and pray wherever I put my feet.
I start pleading the blood and protecting things, going around schools and doing things what God's called me to do to protect.
I say, "No, we're not going to have any major events or hurting people around here."You moved me to this area.
I used to do it over where I was in Guthrie, but God said, "I'm moving you out of that area."And He moved us to Tulsa.
And now we drive around in Tulsa and we pray over the Tulsa area calling for revival. We drive around.
I even go in front of that painting a lot and stay in that neighborhood and pray for revival.
But I go there because I'm looking for revival. It's time to get serious.
It's time to get serious and expect God to show up and show off in your life.
It's time to quit playing church, going and having prayer groups and just expecting a normal prayer group.
I'm talking let the Holy Ghost show up and pray through you so much so that we're changing the nations.
That's what I pray every single time I do this. I said, "God, let it not be me at all, but let You show up."If it's me, I won't put it out.
I said, "Just erase it, Braden. It's just trash."Because if the Holy Spirit isn't there, I'm not there.
And it's just me making content. I'm not here to make content for entertainment.
If I don't feel a move of the Holy Ghost in a river flow, I'm not releasing it because I'm not here to entertain you.
We're here to change nations. And people say, "Well, just put it out anyway."No, I'm not.
Like I said, this is a major calling to me. This isn't a job; this is a calling.
And people say, "Well, you know, it's not made for you to understand."This is what God's called me to do, and this is what I'm supposed to do is bring prayer to you.
And I told Him, I said, "Lord, I'm submitted unto You."So I get still until He speaks.
I make a video every day, and if I don't feel it, I don't release it. If I get up and I tell Brad, "That's trash.
I'm not releasing that,"it's because if I don't feel the power of the Holy Ghost flowing through it, I refuse to waste your time.
And that's why I feel like people should be at church. If you don't feel the Holy Ghost, sit down.
We've got to get more desperate for Him. And in doing so, He will show up. He will show up in your desperation.
I was out power washing the side of my house, and me—I'm going to say this, and you don't know me, but a lot of people think they do—I was power washing my house and I said, "Lord, if I could just have Your help to fix my water line over there, that's all I want to ask You."I was just trying to be humble, like I didn't want to bother Him.
And He said, "Brandon, I want to be involved in every area of your life.
Nothing is ever too big and nothing is ever too small for Me to want to be involved with it all.
I want to be involved in every area of your life."In other words, He said to me, "So you think you can do it on your own on the other things?"When I was power washing, I said, "Well, I don't really need You to help me power wash the house, but I really need help with that water thing over there."But He said, "You think you can do it on your own?
You can't do nothing on your own. Everything you do, everything you think about, you need Me and you don't even realize it.
And I'm an ever-present help in a time of need. Everything you do and everything you speak, everything about you, Brandon, you need Me.
The moment you try to separate yourself from Me is separating yourself from the vine, and there's death in it.
I am everything. I am all in all. Do you understand? There is nothing that you can do apart from Me, even power washing this house."I started to weep.
I looked at the ground while I was power washing. I was so frustrated that day because we've had a really hard time.
And I said, "God, help me to never think that I can do anything without You."I didn't want to bother Him, but I said, "Lord, if You could just help me with this water line thing.
I'm having a real hard time here, and I need help."I can take care of this. I can handle it.
I don't really need you over here on this, but if you could really help me out, just shaking me and making me realize that there's nothing I can do without him.
Washing a dog, cleaning, mowing my grass whenever it's so high because of all the issues that we've had.
Walking in every area of your life, being desperate for him to show up in every area.
Even the things that you don't think that he wants to be involved in, he wants to be involved in. It doesn't matter what it is; he wants to be involved in it.
And that's the place of desperation—allowing the Holy Spirit to move in every area of your life. And that's where I was asking him.
I said, "Oh, so you feel you can do it without me?"It checked me really hard because I thought, "Well, of course, I don't need you to power wash the house."And you think you can do it without me?
In all that you do, in word and in deed, do all for the glory of God. All that you do, all for the glory of God. I was challenged.
I listened to what's in these life lessons, you know, with me planting flowers when he said to me, "You just arranged it.
I caused the flowers to grow. I caused the earth to produce and put pressure on the seed.
I caused the rain to fall on it. I was the one that was ahead of all of it, Brandon. And all you did was organize them.
And I even gave you the wisdom to do that."Everything you do, there's nothing apart from me.
Everything that you do is only through me. And in that, I am learning.
When you think, "I'm a man, I can do this. I'm a man, I can fix my car.
I'm a man, I can mow my grass."It's like, "Daddy, I don't need you to help tie my shoes anymore. I'm big now. You don't pick out my clothes anymore.
I can pick my own clothes out, daddy."But even in that, listening to him and saying, "Father, I don't want to get dressed without you.
What do you feel I should wear today?"Involving him in every area of your life.
"Lord, I need you to tell me how to make my marriage stronger today.
I need you to tell me how to be a better father to my children."No matter how many books I think I could read or whatever, it all is based solely out of him.
And I know I don't want to keep going over this, but it's so important that I drive it home to you that he wants to be all in and all to you in every area of your life.
And so as we see these things in the economy, I told you we do not let up off of things in prayer until we make it a greasy spot.
You may see a little victory and a lot of people just go, "Well, we saw the first blade, then the ear,"and people go, "Well, we can let it go through prayer.
We don't have to attack it anymore."That's whenever you hit it harder and you hit it until it's a greasy spot.
So, we see a judge. Everything's fine with XRP. Everything looks great. She goes and starts going against it.
Instantaneously, people go, "Oh my gosh, the sky is falling with XRP again."And I said, "Isn't it amazing the very things the Lord tells us to pray over?"People give up on it and you let go of the rope.
And then the enemy's there and he's doing tug-of-war and he goes and he tries to pull the rug right out from underneath you instantaneously because the body of Christ goes and pulls and goes, "Look, we won."And then the devil's like...
and he pulls it and everybody goes, "Well, what happened there?"You didn't keep on keeping on.
You underestimated your enemy. And that's what happens. It happens a lot with the body of Christ.
Same thing we do with President Trump. We won. We won. Oh, good. We won. Oh, November! Woohoo!
And now the Lord starts talking to me and said, "Brandon, are you going to pray for his safety?
What's going on?"There's more things here that you need to understand, that there's more attacks on his life, attempts on his life. You need to pray for him.
So, I'll just be doing my own thing and then the Lord told me, and I see more attempts—like it was with the ear—in the days ahead, worse.
And we have FBI agents calling 86ing 47, and we see people calling for him to be removed and doing all this stuff.
Well, I'm just saying I want him to be put in prison. That's not what he was saying.
You have people that are threatening his life on a day-to-day basis, even in upper government.
And I've told you all, if you don't pray for this man, he can't do it without help.
No, it's time for the body of Christ to get more serious than what we've ever been serious before.
And let's drive this thing home. Let's finish our race. Finish. Go long. Live long and finish strong.
We need to live long and finish strong and finish our race with great victory until we get on the other side.
And when we get over on the other side, then we take a break and we do our victory lap.
We do our victory lap. We do our victory dance. I don't know what else to say.
But until then, we are on battle mode. We've got our shield up.
We're not looking at our enemy and going, "Well, he's already lost."Yeah, he's already lost.
But we stay in a state of war with our sword and our shield in our hand going, "Hey, where's another devil?
I'm going to cut this devil's head off and I'm going to keep warring against him."Because the moment you take your eye off your enemy, he's there ready to devour you.
That's just the end times. You know why? Let me tell you why. Because he has a sense of urgency.
What's his urgency? He knows his time is short. He has a sense of urgency. So where's the body of Christ's urgency right now?
Well, you know, it's not convenient to go to prayer group on Sunday nights after church.
So you have, you know, 20 people show up out of a church of over a thousand. That is pathetic. Where's the sense of urgency?
You have the elders; you have the gray hairs in there—the people who are the pillars of the church that have been there—but the young people, they don't care.
"I got to watch American Idol."Do you understand? If we do not pray it out in the spirit, it will never happen in the natural.
You think that you get spiritual breakthrough just because it's just supposed to happen?
It happens birthed out of the spirit first. Healings, demonstrations, manifestation.
Azusa Street came out of major prayer first. Pensacola revival of John Kilpatrick came out of two years of intercessory prayer. Two years of praying.
I don't know if it was twice a week or once a week, but they prayed and they did that for two years, and then on Father's Day, bam, the glory fell.
Two years they prayed for revival. Azusa Street, I think it was like four years; William Seymour and them, they prayed in a little house.
They prayed and prayed and prayed, and then God gave them a word.
There was a great earthquake and it shook San Francisco, and then because they gave that prophetic word, people were going, "Who gave that accurate prophetic word?"and the glory showed up and they had to move it into a barn.
God will show up in the most unlikely places. He shows up in a place of desperation.
He shows up with the people who are desperate and hungry. He'll show up in a stable.
Remember, he'll show up in a stable in a place where barn animals are—not fit for a king.
But he shows up in a place of humility, not a place of arrogance.
People who are arrogant leading prayer, people who are arrogant preaching at the church thinking, "Well, I've got my PhD.""I've got all this."Do you not know how many people have prophesied over me?
Do you know how many people have imparted into me? Who cares?
God resists the proud and exalts the humble. God exalts the humble.
And the moment you have an attitude or an arrogant look, thinking like, "I can do this house without you, Lord.
I don't need your help with that. I need this over there"—the moment you realize how much you have to learn, it's time to humble you.
And I realize there is nothing outside of him. Even power washing a house, there is nothing outside of him.
And many people feel they've got this. You don't have anything. You don't have anything.
I can leave prayer, and the Lord told me, he said, "Baby, you can fake the anointing for so long until people will catch on.
You can run on fumes, son for a while, but eventually people will catch on. There is nothing outside of me. I am the vine.
You are the branch."That's why Jesus said, "I say nothing without hearing what my father says.
I do nothing without doing what my father tells me to do."Because he realized there was a desperation in seeking his father on a day-to-day basis.
And he was the Son of God, and he realized there was nothing he could do in this earth without him.
He is the vine. I am the branch. I can do nothing outside of him.
And so many people—if Jesus couldn't do it, how much more could we?
How arrogant—the Son of God could do nothing without hearing what his father told him to do.
I do nothing unless I'm instructed by my Lord. And Jesus was dead to himself. You know, that's what I have for you today.
I feel I just want you to understand there's a place in God that the devil is afraid even to go.
There's a place in God—Smith Wigglesworth talked about this—there is a place in God that Satan dare not go.
He's scared of it. That's where I want to be. I want to be right at his feet.
I want to be sitting at his feet, listening to him, listening to that still small voice—the still small voice of my good shepherd.
I am the sheep and I am on that potter's wheel, even feeling it, "Well, there's a level of success.
There's a level of this."It's all nothing without him. I don't care how anointed a prayer session is and the glory shows up—without him, he is that.
But even then, I've seen some of the greatest ministers move under the anointing for just a part of that time. He shows up just to set the captives free.
Just because you have an anointed service, an anointed time with the Lord, doesn't mean he truly knows you all the way.
It doesn't. He can use whoever he wants just to get the job done because he loves the people.
But whenever it's all said and done and the lights are off, I can turn them all off.
Is he still there? Is he there whenever nobody else is watching? Who are you whenever the camera is not rolling?
Who are you whenever you are sitting on the back row and you're watching and observing?
Do you know how many times the Lord will reveal to me more—and I'm nothing special.
I'll be real with you. I just walk in a gift. I just walk in a gift.
How many times he shows up and he tells me, "Brandon, they have issues. Be careful with them.
Don't allow them in your inner circle."What is he saying about you to other people whenever he is warning them about you?
Do you see what I'm saying? He has an opinion about everything. What is his opinion about you?
I question what people see about me from Billy Burke when they get around you.
If they walk in any discernment, do they see anything bad? Everybody has a sense of something.
For instance, my wife said lust has a feeling, and if a man has something bad, a woman can feel it whenever that man's looking at her.
She says, "Oh, he's undressing me with his eyes."You see that? There is a spirit of lust that people carry.
But you can be saturated enough, you can carry the Lord, and people can sense it on you.
What do you carry? What is on you enough that people can sense it on you?
Some people have gossip, some people have lust, some people have greed, some people have jealousy. Jealousy is stinky.
You can sense it when somebody's jealous of what God's doing in your life and they don't feel like you deserve what you have and they feel they could do it better than you.
And when they see you, they detest you. And you can feel that.
You can feel that energy. You can feel that badness of what they're carrying.
When you just get around them, you can tell they feel that you don't deserve what you have or the anointing where God's put you, and they feel because of where they're at that they could do it so much better.
I have that all the time. I sense it all the time. I sense it in church. I sense it all the time.
Maybe even with people that you would least expect it, but it's there.
What do people sense about you? It's like that. Like I just said, there's some guys—he just hugs way too long.
He's a little bit too familiar with the other ladies. Do you see?
What do people sense about you? What do you carry? What do you carry about you?
And that's why I always self-examine myself. What do people see about Brandon?
Do they see that he's full of joy? Do they see that he's full of sadness?
Do they see that he's full of insecurities, whatever? All I want them to see is not a distraction.
Like I told you with my flesh, my clothes, I want them just to get what they're supposed to get and move on. Get what you came to get from the Holy Ghost.
I don't want my flesh to be a distraction to anybody because I want to be so saturated that even like Moses, the glory shined on his face and everybody was freaked out about it.
So they had to take a prayer shawl and they had to wrap his head in it because the glory was there. That's what I'm looking for.
That's why I said test the ground where you give because it always trickles down where you sow your seeds.
What happens is what comes on the leadership comes downhill.
Crap always runs downhill, right? It always is that way spiritually too.
So let's pray together today and see what the Lord has for you.
I believe there's a lot here. I believe that there's an urgency of the hour to seek him.
And as we see Israel, we see these things taking place. There's a lot of oil in the Mediterranean.
There's oil. There's all this stuff. And we're about to see one of the greatest windows of opportunity.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, I'd like to make that window bigger.
I want you to enjoy life."And you know what's interesting to me?
He says this a lot: "Brandon, when are you going to enjoy life? When are you going to have fun?
Your kids are getting older."I have been a person who has pursued and pushed my whole life to get to where I am now.
And then when you get to where you are now, you're not satisfied. And you try to push again. You think there's more.
Well, yes, the Lord's called you to do more, but you have to enjoy the journey.
And I've been a person who's just been so focused. I've got to get there.
We've got to get this job done. Enjoy the journey. Enjoy your kids. And that's why he said, "The window's fun, Brandon.
This window that I'm going to give to my body, these are days of great fun. A wealth transfer is going to be fun."What is fun?
Getting souls saved, getting all the lost to do the things that he's called us to do. This is what's fun to the Father.
If you, being evil, give good gifts to your children, how much more does the heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love him?
He wants to give good gifts to you today. He's a good gift-giver.
He's a giver of life. And he's a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
The Bible told us that he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. And as we seek Him, we will find Him.
And I believe today is a day for you to have an opportunity to find our Father.
Knock, and the door will be opened unto you. Seek, and you shall find. It's time to seek and knock, and the door will be opened.
Let's seek Him: the big silver doors, the big bronze doors, the big things, everything He has for us.
Let's open the doors, and God will open those that diligently seek Him. Seek Him today. Jesus Christ loves every single one of you.
And there's nothing too big and there's nothing too small for Him to answer, because He loves and wants to be a blessing to you all in every area of your life: spiritually, physically, financially, mentally, emotionally, your marriages, everything.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers: your mind, your will, and your emotions.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for the body that was broken for us.
Father, with all the things that are going on in the earth, there's so much that apart from You, we can do nothing.
You are the vine, we are the branches. And I thank You, Father, that in that branch, in You, that vine today, we seek You.
I thank You, Father, that we humble ourselves underneath the mighty hand of God, and in due time, You said You would exalt us with all the things that are going on in our lives, with all the things that are so overwhelming.
And God, we seek You and we thank You, Father. No matter if we're leading a thousand people or 500 people or 10 million, Father, You're there.
Thank You, Father, for whoever shows up and whoever is there, Father, that they would get something from You today. Touch their lives, Father, on another level.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they would have a deeper, intimate relationship with You beyond anybody's comprehension.
Father, You are our ever-present help in a time of need. And I thank You, Father, that we become more familiar.
We hear Your voice. We hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow—the Good Shepherd.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that we delight ourselves in You, and You said You would give us the desires of our heart today.
And Father, we lift up this body right now before You. We thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for us; You were bruised.
You took it all on the cross for us. We don't have to be sick in our bodies anymore.
And I thank You, Lord, that You've healed us from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet in the mighty name of Jesus.
We take this, and we thank You, Lord, for it's already done. Now, Lord, I plead the blood over my children, over my wife, over my finances, over everything I put my hands to.
Lord, I apply the blood of Jesus. And You said if we confess our sins, You are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And Father, I confess that I've messed up. All have sinned and fallen short of the glory. All have sinned.
But Father, we confess our sins, and You said that You're faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Thank You for the blood today. We apply the blood, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over our minds, over our wills, our emotions, and we thank You, Lord, that You have a plan for our lives.
We're always in the right place at the right time. We take it right now in Jesus'name.
Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Lord, for Your friendship. Thank You, Father, that You are a friend.
Thank You, Lord, that apart from You we can do nothing. There's nothing that I can do without Him, and there's everything I can do with Him.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me today. Father, we lift up our president.
We lift up the decisions and the war in Ukraine and Russia, and all that's going on, and all the drama.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that they would come to the table and have peace in the name of Jesus.
I know You said there would be wars and rumors of wars. There's a major shaking of all these different areas. You told me He's coming to get the people's attention.
You said the enemy comes to kill, steal, and destroy, but 'I have come that you might have life, and life more abundantly.'And Lord, I thank You, Lord, that every single person who's here today, Father, has that abundant life flowing on the inside of them, that they're hearing You, Father, because Father, they're on that branch.
They're on that vine. They're there. We are a part of You. Our life is given out of You. We're living and we're abiding in You.
And You said, 'If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done.'Father, this word, this beautiful Bible, thank You, Father, for this word today.
Father, this is the word that came and set the captives free.
I thank You, Father. I thank You, Father, that Jesus, You said You were the Word. Father, I thank You, Lord, for the word that has set us free.
You said, 'You shall know the truth, and the truth will set you free.'So, Father, I plead the blood over my spiritual eyes right now.
And I thank You, Father, that I have eyes to see what You want me to see, and I have ears to hear what You want me to hear.
And Father, we pray and we yield ourselves over. We will not entertain any satanic or demonic force.
We will not entertain any kind of demonic spirit trying to mess with any visions, anything that You have for us.
We will only hear what You want us to hear and see what You want us to see. And we plead the blood of Jesus over our eyes right now.
Father, we delight ourselves in You, and You said You'd give us the desires of our hearts.
Father, our heart's desire is to make You happy. Our heart's desire, Father, is to flow with You.
Our heart's desire is to get as many unsaved saved as we can. Father, we call all our unsaved loved ones saved today in the mighty name of Jesus.
I call them born again. I call them spirit-filled. I call them controlled by the Holy Ghost.
And I thank You, Father, that they are free from the demonic strongholds that have held them back from the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I thank You, Father, this is the time Braden and I are in agreement.
We're all in agreement that Father, these unsaved loved ones are coming to the saving knowledge of Jesus now.
In the name of Jesus, people are getting healed, whole, and well from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet. They're walking in divine health.
Father, those that are broke and have no money, who are barely getting by—this is a time like never before that we will excel and be the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
We'll go through, and we'll not go under. Father, You have the cattle on a thousand hills, and Father, I thank You, Lord, that Your streets are paved with gold and nothing's too big for You.
No matter what we're believing for, Father, I thank You, Lord, that You supply all our needs and You supply everything that we'll ever hope or desire.
All our wants, everything has been made by You. You've taken care of it because Your word says You became poor that we might be rich.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we don't have to be broke, busted, and disgusted.
Thank You, Lord, that marriages are whole; our marriages are well.
Father, for the people that are believing for their marriage—their husbands stop fighting with them, the wives stop fighting, they'll have peace and harmony in the house—that there'll be a home of great peace, a home of great joy, a home of great long-suffering, all the things, Father, that need to be to make a home in harmony.
There won't be all this family drama, family warfare. Father, their home is a place of peace, and they go home and enjoy each other.
Thank you, Father, that's the way it is every day in every household because God is a God of peace.
And Father, he isn't a God of strife. Thank you, Lord, that there's peace in our homes.
There's peace in our children. There's peace in our finances.
There's peace in our bodies. There's peace in our minds, in our understanding of things.
Father, I thank you. We have joy unspeakable and full of glory.
I'm going to pray right now in the spirit and see if the Lord has anything he wants to show us.
If he doesn't, we'll end it with what we've done today, and we'll come back again tomorrow.
But I'm going to pray, and that's what was on my heart so far today of what the Lord told me to say.
We're just going over a few things, and so we'll pray and see if we have anything new.
Ready? We're going to jump in the river together and if the Lord shows us anything, great.
Now I just saw something beautiful. I see silos like the old grain silos full of the glory.
I see these silos all on the edge of heaven, and all of these silos are full of what would look like liquid honey.
They are pouring and opening up over the earth. They're pouring out over the side of heaven and they are pouring out upon the earth.
These are the glory reserves, not grain reserves. It looks like grain, but the glory of the Lord looks like it's pouring out of these grain reserves.
Every single silo is different. Every single one is bigger. There are huge round ones and skinnier ones.
Every single one of the reserves of these silos is full of the glory, full of this anointing that looks like liquid honey flowing out of these silos.
They were full, and he's opening those, and they had hatches. It was like a round hole, and it's red. It was a red hatch.
Each one of them has an opening, and as they open, there's this glory, this glow coming out of these silos.
They're all on the edge—small ones, big ones, fat ones, skinny ones, all of them. But they're all round and they all are different sizes.
I don't understand why they're not all the same, but each one is different and each one is a different shape.
They're opening up and I see them pouring out onto the earth.
We forgive those that despitefully use and come against us.
We forgive those that are talking trash about us. We forgive those that are jealous about us.
We forgive those, Father, that despitefully use us and come against us and try to be a hindrance to us. We forgive them.
Whether they're in leadership of churches, or they're pastors, prophets, teachers, or evangelists, people in the church, we forgive them. People in our workplace, we forgive them.
Father, we forgive those that despitefully use and come against us, that talk bad about us, that are murmuring and fault-finding and trying to be mean to us.
Father, we forgive them. Love takes no account of a suffered wrong. People are going to be jealous.
People are going to get upset when they see the glory and they're dry.
They want it themselves. The Lord said the qualification to it is love. That's why I brought that up right then.
He said, 'You've got to forgive them.'He's speaking to me specifically about some people.
He said, 'You've got to forgive them for how they treat you. Brandon, love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
What qualifies you to walk in that greater glory you're seeing dumping out is walking in love.'Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Oh, I feel the anointing on that. I feel the Holy Ghost on my head. Forgive me, Father.
I take offense to people who treat you bad, and you can feel their spirit.
I can feel it and I know what they're thinking about me and you take an offense to it. But the Lord said, 'Don't take any account of it.
Don't disqualify yourself to walk in this glory.'How people treat you, love never fails. Love them. The Lord says, 'Love them.'God is love.
What qualifies you for the end-time outpouring and to walk in the end-time glory is walking in love.
Walk in love. For if you abide in me, and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will.
But abiding in me is abiding in love because I am love. God is love.
So if you abide in me and love is abiding in you, then if you abide in love, and God is the word, he is love, the word is love, and love is abiding in you.
You see, it's abiding in love. Love never fails. The word never fails.
He is love and he is the word. Abiding in love. The love is the glory.
He is all-sufficient. There is no lack in him. There is no lack in love, only abundance and overflow.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong. I'm going to have Diana read First Corinthians 13. It's very important.
This is what we're talking about because I'm hearing what the spirit of the Lord is saying about abiding in love for this end-time glory that's about to be poured upon this earth with these reserves.
It's all based out of love. So let's meditate on what love is.
'If I can speak in tongues of men and even of angels but have not love—that reasoning, intentional, spiritual devotion such as inspired by God's love for and in us—I am only a noisy gong or a clanging cymbal.
And if I have prophetic powers and understand all the secret truths and mysteries and possess all knowledge, and if I have faith so that I can remove mountains, but I have not love, God's love in me, I am nothing.
Even if I dole out all that I have to the poor in providing food and if I surrender my body to be burned in order that I may glory but have not love, God's love in me, I gain nothing.
Love endures long and is patient and kind. Love never is envious nor boils over with jealousy; it is not boastful or vainglorious.
It does not display itself haughtily. It is not conceited, arrogant, and inflated with pride. It is not rude, unmannerly, and does not act unbecomingly.
Love, God's love in us, does not insist on its own rights or its own way, for it is not self-seeking.
It is not touchy or fretful or resentful. It takes no account of the evil done to it; it pays no attention to a suffered wrong.
It does not rejoice at injustice and unrighteousness, but rejoices when right and truth prevail.
Love bears up under anything and everything that comes, is ever ready to believe the best of every person.
Its hopes are fadeless under all circumstances, and it endures everything without weakening. Love never fails.
As for prophecy, the gift of interpreting the divine will and purpose, it will be fulfilled and pass away.
As for tongues, they will be destroyed and cease.'As for knowledge, it will pass away.
It will lose its value and be superseded by truth. For our knowledge is fragmentary, incomplete, and imperfect.
And our prophecy, our teaching is fragmentary, incomplete, and imperfect.
But when the complete and perfect total comes, the incomplete and imperfect will vanish away.
When I was a child, I talked like a child. I thought as a child, I reasoned like a child.
Now that I've become a man, I am done with childish ways and have put them aside.
For now, we are looking in a mirror that gives only a dim reflection.
But when we see in reality and face to face, now I know in part.
But then I shall know and understand fully and clearly, even in the same manner as I have been fully and clearly known and understood by God.
And so faith, hope, love abide. These three, but the greatest of these is love.
Thank you, baby. I appreciate it. Now you all could understand that.
It didn't sound really bad. It sounded good. Thank God for her reading.
That chapter is beautiful. Love sees the best in everything.
And when the Lord was showing me right then, when I was looking over and I saw those silos, I said, "How do you qualify? How do I get that?"He said, "Love.
Love how you treat each other, how you love your brethren, how you love the brethren."Brandon, the anointing and the end-time harvest and the end-time glory is attached to love because God is love.
Love believes the best of everybody. Oh, love bears up under anything and everything that comes, is ever ready to believe the best of every person.
Love endures long and is patient and kind. Love never is envious nor boils over with jealousy.
Is not boastful or vainglorious. Does not display itself haughtily.
So that it's all about keeping yourself humble and walking in love towards people. The glory is attached to it.
And as we keep praying this out right now, the Lord said, "I want you to read that and meditate on what I'm saying about love never fails."The glory of the Lord is attached to love because God is love.
And what we're wanting in these last days is going to be birthed out of prayer.
But it's going to be walking in love towards your fellow brother and sister in the Lord, the other believers.
Walking in love. And it's correction for me because I get ticked off at folks. You know, I get ticked off at folks a lot.
I get, "Ah, you know..."The Lord said, "No, if you want to walk in the glory, you want to walk with the anointing of the Holy Ghost in these last days, you're going to have to abide in love."It's correction for me because there's a lot of times I just want to tell people off.
I'm just real, y'all. And the Lord told me, he said, "It's about 13, buddy.
The silos and the greater glory is attached to love."And that's a fly that's flying around here.
We had the doors open. If anybody wants to know what that is, because people get distracted about the fly—squirrel!
It's a fly. It's a fly. It's not a devil. It's a fly, okay? From outside.
He's talking about memorizing that and getting that down in your heart.
He said, "Make this a foundation."This is what he's saying. I'm hearing him talk.
He said, "Brennan, tell them to get this as a foundation."1 Corinthians chapter 13, all of it, all the way to 14.
There are 13 verses there. He said, "Get this down inside of you.
If you want to walk in the greater glory, you want to walk in the manifestations in these last days, you have to have a foundation of love."What I heard him just say: "Love never fails."This must be the greatest foundation—love in your life.
"For I am love and I am light. If you want to walk with me in these last days and walk in the greater glory, I am the glory."That's what he said.
"I am the glory, and apart from me, you can do nothing."That was back to the message what I told you earlier.
"Apart from me, you can do nothing."God is love, and all the basis of who he is and what he is is love.
God is love, and that's what his creation is. First John 4:7 and 8. Hold on. 1 John 4.
"Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God.
He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love.""Beloved, let us love one another."First John 4:7 and 8. Is that right? I believe that's right.
Beloved, see, "let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God.
He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love. Beloved, let us love one another."It's all back to 1 John 4:7 and 8, 1 Corinthians 13.
That's what I'm getting out of prayer today. Always so much compassion and correction when he corrects me.
When I get ticked off, "Do you want to walk in the greater glory?"He says, "You must walk in love.
Don't disqualify yourself."You say, "How do you do that?"By not doing what he said.
He said memorize it and make it a foundation in your life, in your heart.
Love, love, love, love, love. Forgive them. Forgive them. Forgive them. Forgive them. Just like Jesus said, "Forgive them, Lord.
They don't know what they're doing."The persecution that I've received lately was nothing compared to what Jesus received.
All the hate I've received in the last couple of months, the vastness of it is nothing compared to what Christ went through.
And he chose to love them all the way through. Love never takes account of a suffered wrong.
No matter how people treat you at church, no matter how leadership treats you at church, no matter how the world treats you, it doesn't matter.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong. Do you understand? That's what you've got to do. That's what he said.
"If you want to walk in the greater glory, Brennan..."He's talking to me.
He's correcting me, but I'm just being really open with y'all.
I already know what this is about. Lord, help me. Help me. I can only do it with you.
I'm with these people. Father, help me. Yeah. What disqualifies you the most?
The disqualification is not walking in love. Walking in the light of God.
To walk in the light of God. Walking in the light of God. Walking in the light of God. Walking in the light of God. Right.
That's all being part of that vine and the branch—abiding in him, and him abiding in you.
What is abiding? Because why? Because God is love. Blessed are you. He's talking to me about right then.
He just said, "Go find Brother Hagin's teaching on walking in love."It's on YouTube. Walking in love, and study love.
The Lord just said, "Brandon, I want you to be a student of love."Be a student of love is what he said to me.
I heard him. So if it does good for me to do this, it does good for you to do this, okay?
Because if he's telling me to do that, it's good enough for you. It's good enough for me; it's good enough for you.
You know, I'm just saying, if that's what he's correcting me on today, it's walking in love.
The greater glory is attached to love because I've been asking about the glory, the greater glory, over the last couple of days.
"Where's it at, Lord? What do I do? How do I get there? How do I tap into it?"It all came out of today's prayer.
"Brandon, love."It's not what I want to hear in my flesh. My flesh doesn't go, "Oh, goody,"you know, because it takes sacrifice. It takes love. Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
When people treat you bad, when they talk bad about you and run you down in the comment section, when they do the things they do with the emails, my flesh wants to get all huffy about it.
And he'll say, "Forgive them. Walk in love.""Ah, quit...""Nope, walk in love.
Walk in love.""Well, they treated me wrong.""No, walk in love."That's what he's saying to me.
But then he says, "Go meditate on love and memorize this."So, he's telling me to get this down inside of you.
I open up myself a lot to y'all so that you can grow with me. We're growing together. But I'm just telling you something that's private.
You could get this down inside of you and get 1 Corinthians 13 down there and just get that word down inside of your heart.
I will hide the word in my heart that I might not sin against him.
But I am determined to be one of the underneath that silo of that honey glow flowing over in that harm and equipment, the reserves.
Pour upon me, breath of God. Pour out on me, spirit of the Lord.
What does it take to be one of the carriers of the end-time anointing? Not for Brandon, but for you to get your miracle.
We're vessels, but it's about when we get our rewards on the other side.
He says, "Well done, Brandon. Well done."This world, it's all going to burn.
Who cares about the reward over here? I want the reward over there.
When we get our house and we get on the other side and he says, "Good job. You did it. You did love. You practiced love.
You got this beautiful book down inside of you and it changed you from the inside out."Holy Spirit, we just thank you for your word today.
We thank you, Lord, that we're never in a hurry. We always sit at your feet and we want to know more. How do we walk in the greater glory, Lord?
How do we get on the other side, Father, to flow in that greater anointing that we've never really seen on this earth before in this last outpouring?
Love. Beloved, let us love one another. Thank you, Father, for the love.
Oh, Father, we love you. Thank you for the presence. Thank you for your peace.
Thank you, Lord, today. Subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
Click the notification bell. Thank you for being a part of this YouTube channel.
May it bless you today and may it increase you as you grow spiritually.
We always close the broadcast by telling you, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.